doc enhancements for migrated v2 apps (#5209)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/web-servers/nginx-plus.md

The Sumo Logic app for Nginx Plus supports logs as well as Metrics for Nginx Plus, which is a web server that can be used as a reverse proxy, load balancer, mail proxy, and HTTP cache.

The Nginx Plus app is a unified logs and metrics app that helps you monitor the availability, performance, health, and resource utilization of your Nginx Plus web servers. Preconfigured dashboards and searches provide insight into server status, location zones, server zones, upstreams, resolvers, visitor locations, visitor access types, traffic patterns, errors, web server operations, and access from known malicious sources.

## Log and metrics types

The Sumo Logic app for Nginx Plus assumes the NCSA extended/combined log file format for Access logs and the default Nginx error log file format for error logs.

> All Dashboards (except the Error Logs Analysis dashboard) assume the Access log format. The Error Logs Analysis Dashboard assumes both access and error log formats, to correlate information between the two. For more details on Nginx/NginxPlus logs, see [Module ngx_http_log_module](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_log_module.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Dashboards (except the Error Logs Analysis dashboard) assume the Access log format. The Error Logs Analysis Dashboard assumes both access and error log formats, to correlate information between the two. For more details on Nginx/Nginx Plus logs, see [Module ngx_http_log_module](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_log_module.html).
```

* `urls` - The URL to the Nginx Plus server with the API enabled. This can be a comma-separated list to connect to multiple Nginx Plus servers. Please refer [to this doc](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/nginx_plus_api) for more information on configuring the Nginx API input plugin for Telegraf.
* `url` - This is the HTTP source URL created in step 3. Please refer[ to this doc](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/configure-telegraf-output-plugin.md) for more information on configuring the Sumo Logic Telegraf output plugin.
* `data_format` - The format to use when sending data to Sumo Logic. Please refer[ to this doc](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/configure-telegraf-output-plugin.md) for more information on configuring the Sumo Logic Telegraf output plugin.
6. Once you have finalized your telegraf.conf file, you can run the following command to start telegraf.
6. Once you have finalized your telegraf.conf file, you can run the following command to start Telegraf.
  ```bash
  telegraf --config /path/to/telegraf.conf
  ```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Field Extraction Rules

Reviewer 2: Field extraction rule section should be removed since its not used in nginx plus app

> ### Field extraction rules

Reviewer 2: We do not have field extraction rule for nginx plus

> 

Reviewer 2: Install app should be from reusable section

The **Nginx Plus - Web Server Operations** dashboard provides a high-level view combined with detailed information on the top ten bots, geographic locations, and data for clients with high error rates, server errors over time, and non 200 response code status codes. Dashboard panels also show information on server error logs, error log levels, error responses by a server, and the top URIs responsible for 404 responses.

Use this dashboard to:
* Gain insights into Client and Server Responses on the Nginx Server. This helps you identify errors in the Nginx Server.

> * To identify geo-locations of all Client errors. This helps you identify client location causing errors and helps you to block client IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To identify geolocations of all Client errors. This helps you identify client location causing errors and helps you to block client IPs.
```
